how you chew on how you - it's me I am
new to YouTube I'm going to show you how
to make an origami knife first present
half-bad let's fold in half again flip
it over and then fold in half
do it again on this next we make you pop
this Center to make a rather bumpy next
you take these two cups and pull them
apart to get this next we run to third
next we want to fold this back down and
do it on the other side too
next you want you felt it up here and
then reverse fold it inside so I tell
you that this next we're going to fold
it down this way and then outside
reverse fold now for the last our
Twinkie there's this inside to get that
now you're done with your origami nut
see ya